Wording updates for doc cover page (#236)
single-cell-data/TileDB-SingleCell: apis/python/examples/examples-overview.md

If you know about `obs`, `var`, and `X`, you'll recognize what you're seeing.

> The [data model and API](https://github.com/single-cell-data) -- here as implemented using the [TileDB storage engine](https://tiledb.com) -- allow you to persist, investigate, and share annotated 2D-matrix single-cell data.

Reviewer: Slight tweak to communicate it's not specific to single-cell data:

```suggestion
The [data model and API](https://github.com/single-cell-data) -- here as implemented using the [TileDB storage engine](https://tiledb.com) -- allow you to persist, investigate, and share annotated 2D-matrices, commonly used in single-cell biology.
```

Great
